Todo list for rcvault project

  Change footer text on live site to just be copyright Tim Traver
  
  Show correct menu for non wordpress pages based on logged in status
  
  when a pilot is added to an event and adds a plane, add the plane to their my pilot profile if it doesn't exist.
  ditto with the location of the event
  
  ability to create flying order F3F and maybe have an option to stagger each round
  ability to create F3B distance orders before hand
   
  reflights for groups
    
  In F3F rounds, make it pop up the flight time on mouseover... ;)
  In F3F rounds, add a fast time line at the bottom
  
  printable reports for rounds, and overall standings

  Make admin area to easily change the locations and plane characteristics
  
X Figure out drops
  Test drops in F3B and other disciplines
  
  On round entry screen, make a checkbox to allow for entries to be saved after each entry, or enter them all at once for offline entering
  also make it so that it tabs down to the next BLANK entry if you use the save immediately feature...
  
  Flyoff capability
  
  Possibly write a new user management system? instead of using wordpress???? Might be better off in the long run...
 
  Add contest director quick add link to add them as a pilot and come back to the same screen with the same data
 
  Full flight time entries for all the flights in F3K (basically sub flights for each flight type)
 
  Make an event option be the number of points for each second of flight 
 
  Assign club affiliation to event and show on event screen
 
X Make sure calculation of round scores happens after changes are made and updated with the new round list...
X partial scoring of rounds for F3B
X Set default of scoring of the rounds to on if creating a new round
X Speed Ranking, Distance Ranking and Duration Rankings for F3B
X Show most accurate landing points report
X Show top 20 speed runs of the contest
X Show top 20 distance runs of the contest
X When first creating an event, save the default values for the event parameters
X Class Rankings
X Team Rankings
X Add a class podiums section at bottom of event page
X Created event_pilot_round table to keep track of totals per round and ranks...
X And save those values when calculated
X Outline round winners somehow
X Show flight dropped in summary screen and round screen
X Put sort by controls on round edit maybe????
X Add Percentage Score at end of event rounds classification
X Click on the pilot to see a view of their scores for the contest
X Calculate total laps, and average speed for pilots and rank and save
X Allow for 0 round
X Make scoring routines deal with zero round score
X Ability to delete a round completely
X when deleting a pilot from an event, turn their flights off
X make it so that when you add a location from somewhere else, that it takes you back to that screen
X ditto for plane from event pilot add screen
X make it for plane add from pilot profile
X Wrap round list if more than 10 rounds.
X When creating an event, create the options for it with the defaults
X Maybe check what happens if you change an event to the options
X Fix club pilot quick add to make first character in name fields uppercase
X Fix showing of 0 seconds as blank when there are minutes...
X Add Time digit accuracy for different flight types (i.e. how many decimals to show)
X fix fancybox view on club locations
X  Add RC Clubs section!
X  Add My events list to my profile
X  Ability to see other pilot profiles with their basic info and search (don't show email) under my pilot profile
X  Change My Pilot Profile to Pilot Profiles with My as the first selection, and others as the second
X  Add my club associations to my list
X  Add club associations to pilot profile
X make the ajax lookup not go through the main script, but be lean and faster
X Change orientation of round flights with mutiple flights to vertical instead of horizontal and show better field descriptors and Round Ranks
X	Show Round Rank
X 	and sort by groups or flight order for ease of entering! Maybe even show team names...
X As they are entering pilots, set the default entry order
X  set autocomplete off for inputs of times...
X - not happening -- set tab order on entry fields with tabindex
X Calculate the duration time based on the minutes entered for TD
X Rewrite round showing and saving...:(
X Default Dates to today plus or minus a few years
X event config parameters for each event type
X event round adding and entering
X make event subroutine to get all info about an event get_event_info
 
 
 